# packages in environment at C:\Users\12030\.conda\envs\nuriiyaViLT:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
absl-py                   1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
aiohttp                   3.8.3                    pypi_0    pypi
aiosignal                 1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
allennlp                  2.9.3                    pypi_0    pypi
allennlp-models           2.9.3                    pypi_0    pypi
analytics-python          1.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
anyio                     3.6.2                    pypi_0    pypi
appdirs                   1.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi               21.3.0                   pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
async-timeout             4.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
asynctest                 0.13.0                   pypi_0    pypi
attrs                     22.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
audioread                 3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
backcall                  0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
backoff                   1.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
base58                    2.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
bcrypt                    4.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
beautifulsoup4            4.11.1                   pypi_0    pypi
bleach                    5.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
blis                      0.7.9                    pypi_0    pypi
boto3                     1.26.59                  pypi_0    pypi
botocore                  1.29.59                  pypi_0    pypi
ca-certificates           2022.10.11           haa95532_0    defaults
cached-path               1.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
cachetools                5.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
catalogue                 1.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2022.9.24        py37haa95532_0    defaults
cffi                      1.15.1                   pypi_0    pypi
chardet                   3.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
charset-normalizer        2.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
click                     8.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
colorama                  0.4.6                    pypi_0    pypi
commonmark                0.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
conllu                    4.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
cryptography              38.0.4                   pypi_0    pypi
cycler                    0.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
cymem                     2.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
datasets                  2.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
debugpy                   1.6.4                    pypi_0    pypi
decorator                 5.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
defusedxml                0.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
dill                      0.3.6                    pypi_0    pypi
docker-pycreds            0.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
docopt                    0.6.2                    pypi_0    pypi
einops                    0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
entrypoints               0.4                      pypi_0    pypi
exceptiongroup            1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
fairscale                 0.4.6                    pypi_0    pypi
fastapi                   0.88.0                   pypi_0    pypi
fastjsonschema            2.16.2                   pypi_0    pypi
ffmpy                     0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
flask                     2.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
flask-basicauth           0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
flask-cachebuster         1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
flask-cors                3.0.10                   pypi_0    pypi
fonttools                 4.38.0                   pypi_0    pypi
frozenlist                1.3.3                    pypi_0    pypi
fsspec                    2022.11.0                pypi_0    pypi
ftfy                      6.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
future                    0.18.2                   pypi_0    pypi
gitdb                     4.0.10                   pypi_0    pypi
gitpython                 3.1.29                   pypi_0    pypi
google-api-core           2.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
google-auth               2.14.1                   pypi_0    pypi
google-auth-oauthlib      0.4.6                    pypi_0    pypi
google-cloud-core         2.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
google-cloud-storage      2.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
google-crc32c             1.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
google-resumable-media    2.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
googleapis-common-protos  1.58.0                   pypi_0    pypi
gradio                    1.6.4                    pypi_0    pypi
grpcio                    1.50.0                   pypi_0    pypi
h11                       0.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
h5py                      3.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
httpcore                  0.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
httpx                     0.23.1                   pypi_0    pypi
huggingface-hub           0.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
idna                      3.4                      pypi_0    pypi
imageio                   2.22.4                   pypi_0    pypi
importlib-metadata        5.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
importlib-resources       5.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
iniconfig                 2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
ipdb                      0.13.4                   pypi_0    pypi
ipykernel                 6.16.2                   pypi_0    pypi
ipython                   7.34.0                   pypi_0    pypi
ipython-genutils          0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
ipywidgets                8.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
isodate                   0.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
itsdangerous              2.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jedi                      0.18.2                   pypi_0    pypi
jinja2                    3.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jmespath                  1.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
joblib                    1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jsonpickle                1.5.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jsonschema                4.17.3                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyter                   1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-client            7.4.8                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-console           6.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-contrib-core      0.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-contrib-nbextensions 0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-core              4.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-highlight-selected-word 0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-nbextensions-configurator 0.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-server            1.23.3                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-pygments       0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-widgets        3.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
kiwisolver                1.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
librosa                   0.9.2                    pypi_0    pypi
linkify-it-py             1.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
llvmlite                  0.39.1                   pypi_0    pypi
lmdb                      1.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
lxml                      4.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
markdown                  3.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
markdown-it-py            2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
markdown2                 2.4.6                    pypi_0    pypi
markupsafe                2.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib                3.5.3                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6                    pypi_0    pypi
mdit-py-plugins           0.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
mdurl                     0.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
mistune                   2.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
monotonic                 1.6                      pypi_0    pypi
more-itertools            9.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
multidict                 6.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
multiprocess              0.70.14                  pypi_0    pypi
munch                     2.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
murmurhash                1.0.9                    pypi_0    pypi
nbclassic                 0.4.8                    pypi_0    pypi
nbclient                  0.7.2                    pypi_0    pypi
nbconvert                 7.2.6                    pypi_0    pypi
nbformat                  5.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
nest-asyncio              1.5.6                    pypi_0    pypi
networkx                  2.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
nltk                      3.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
notebook                  6.5.2                    pypi_0    pypi
notebook-shim             0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
numba                     0.56.4                   pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.21.5                   pypi_0    pypi
oauthlib                  3.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   1.1.1s               h2bbff1b_0    defaults
orjson                    3.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
packaging                 21.3                     pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    1.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
pandocfilters             1.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
paramiko                  2.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
parso                     0.8.3                    pypi_0    pypi
pathtools                 0.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
pickleshare               0.7.5                    pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    9.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pip                       23.0.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10                   pypi_0    pypi
plac                      1.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
pluggy                    1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pooch                     1.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
preshed                   3.0.8                    pypi_0    pypi
prometheus-client         0.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
promise                   2.3                      pypi_0    pypi
prompt-toolkit            3.0.33                   pypi_0    pypi
protobuf                  3.19.6                   pypi_0    pypi
psutil                    5.9.4                    pypi_0    pypi
py-cpuinfo                9.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
py-rouge                  1.1                      pypi_0    pypi
pyarrow                   11.0.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1                    0.4.8                    pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1-modules            0.2.8                    pypi_0    pypi
pycparser                 2.21                     pypi_0    pypi
pycryptodome              3.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pydantic                  1.10.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pydub                     0.25.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pygments                  2.13.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pynacl                    1.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyparsing                 3.0.9                    pypi_0    pypi
pyrsistent                0.19.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pytest                    7.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.7.15               h6244533_1    defaults
python-dateutil           2.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
python-multipart          0.0.5                    pypi_0    pypi
pytorch-lightning         1.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
pytz                      2022.6                   pypi_0    pypi
pywavelets                1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pywin32                   305                      pypi_0    pypi
pywinpty                  2.0.9                    pypi_0    pypi
pyyaml                    6.0                      pypi_0    pypi
pyzmq                     24.0.1                   pypi_0    pypi
qtconsole                 5.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
qtpy                      2.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
rdflib                    6.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
regex                     2022.10.31               pypi_0    pypi
requests                  2.25.0                   pypi_0    pypi
requests-oauthlib         1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
resampy                   0.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
responses                 0.18.0                   pypi_0    pypi
rfc3986                   1.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
rich                      12.6.0                   pypi_0    pypi
rsa                       4.9                      pypi_0    pypi
s3transfer                0.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
sacred                    0.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
sacremoses                0.0.53                   pypi_0    pypi
scikit-image              0.19.3                   pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
scipy                     1.7.3                    pypi_0    pypi
send2trash                1.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
sentencepiece             0.1.97                   pypi_0    pypi
sentry-sdk                1.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
setproctitle              1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                65.5.0           py37haa95532_0    defaults
shortuuid                 1.0.11                   pypi_0    pypi
six                       1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
smmap                     5.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
sniffio                   1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
soundfile                 0.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
soupsieve                 2.3.2.post1              pypi_0    pypi
spacy                     2.3.9                    pypi_0    pypi
sparqlwrapper             1.8.5                    pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.40.0               h2bbff1b_0    defaults
srsly                     1.0.6                    pypi_0    pypi
starlette                 0.22.0                   pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard               2.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard-data-server   0.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard-plugin-wit    1.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorboardx              2.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
termcolor                 1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
terminado                 0.17.1                   pypi_0    pypi
thinc                     7.4.6                    pypi_0    pypi
threadpoolctl             3.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tifffile                  2021.11.2                pypi_0    pypi
timm                      0.6.12                   pypi_0    pypi
tinycss2                  1.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
tokenizers                0.9.4                    pypi_0    pypi
tomli                     2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
torch                     1.8.1+cu111              pypi_0    pypi
torchvision               0.9.1+cu111              pypi_0    pypi
tornado                   6.2                      pypi_0    pypi
tqdm                      4.64.1                   pypi_0    pypi
traitlets                 5.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
transformers              4.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
typer                     0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
uc-micro-py               1.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   1.26.13                  pypi_0    pypi
uvicorn                   0.20.0                   pypi_0    pypi
vc                        14.2                 h21ff451_1    defaults
vilt                      1.0.0                     dev_0    <develop>
vs2015_runtime            14.27.29016          h5e58377_2    defaults
wandb                     0.12.21                  pypi_0    pypi
wasabi                    0.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
wcwidth                   0.2.5                    pypi_0    pypi
webencodings              0.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
websocket-client          1.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
websockets                10.4                     pypi_0    pypi
werkzeug                  2.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
widgetsnbextension        4.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
wincertstore              0.2              py37haa95532_2    defaults
word2number               1.1                      pypi_0    pypi
wrapt                     1.14.1                   pypi_0    pypi
xxhash                    3.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
yarl                      1.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
zipp                      3.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
